Name:    Donor Rewards
URL:     http://torp.work/donorrewards
Version: 1.0
License: Free

Donor Rewards allows you to provide rewards to your players for donating

You can specify multiple donation ranks which provide various types of rewards, including:
- Being added to a specific group
- In-Game money (check your ToS before using)
- Items
- Spawners

Any in-game item can be given to the user for donating and can be custom lore-tagged for tracking purposes.
Tagging adds the donation type, the player name and date of donation to the lore.  With this, you can see why a player may have a donor item (for example, an elytra).  Tagging is intended only for non-block items, though you can tag blocks, if placed and broken they will lose their tag.
Mob spawners will be created with their proper mob type, will be automatically tagged.  When placed, they will be tracked and an admin can locate them via a command.  If broken, the item will vanish and be available to claim again.

To prevent players not being able to receive their donor items if offline or if they have a full inventory, the items will not be automatically given, but instead held internally until the player claims them. 

Players can be set to automatically be placed in a group for donating, and can be set to automatically be removed from other groups as needed - this prevents overlap of different levels of donator.  You can prevent the player being removed from any particular group by setting up the keep_groups list in the configuration. 

Permissions:
donorrewards.give  - Allows the player to run the /donor give and /donor list commands
donorrewards.claim - Allows a player to claim a donation item (assign to all members)
donorrewards.debug - Allows the player to toggle debug mode and view the config in the console
donorrewards.spawner.break - Allows the player to break the spawner and return it to inventory

Usage:
/donor give <player uuid> <rank>  	-  Give a donor rank and associated items/groups.
/donor list                  		-  Lists the available donor ranks
/donor claim                 		-  Allows the player to claim their donor rank/items/groups
/donor debug                 		-  Toggles the debug logging to console and logfile   
/donor debugconfig           		-  Displays the configuration data in the console